The last thing that we want to work on is deleting a product.
This time we want to use retailer to display a notification and when the model pops up, if a user clicks
OK, then the product should be deleted.
So with that also, we want to do something fancy.
First, what we will do is if we want to use weed alone, we will have to create an API endpoint for
the.
So where we have our API calls here, we will have to implement the HTP delete so we can copy the post
that we have here based that inside the API and this one will be a step delete when deleting, we will
receive an ID here.
So we need to retrieve the product based on that.
If the product is now, we return back by Jason Webisode with success of files and message we can edit
by deleting.
Then before we actually delete this product, we will have to remove the image that is associated to
that product.
So if we could upset post, let's copy the logic to delete that image right here.
Let's scroll down and paste it inside the HTP delete.
We would need that w w w a root pad that is inside post environment.
Don't publish it back then.
We don't have the product of this product itself, so that looks good, whether it delete the old image,
if that exist and after that, we want to remove the product and that looks good.
We need to explicitly save the changes and then we do not want to temp data.
That's some of that, rather than temp data that we just wouldn't.
Adjacent response back to that success will be true and the message will be deleted.
Successful.
Now, of course, you can use the term data, because with that, we have the built-in notification
inside the shared folder where it started right here.
But I actually want to use toaster without that.
So what we will do is copy that URL and go to underscore play out with it.
Add that right here as well.
Let me show you how going to consume this delete post in the next video.
We call this delete and not delete post that looks good.
We do not want to delete action method so we can remove that altogether.
Now, let's call this delayed API endpoint from product changes in the next video.